WHAT IS DATA :-
Data is anything and everything that is recorded about everything in the world. To put it simply,
anything in the world that is in recorded form is DATA.


WHAT IS DATA SCIENCE:---> Data science is the study of data to extract meaningful insights for business.Data science includes combination of fields like mathematics,artificial intelligence,statics,computer science to analyze large amounts of data.Data science is the domain of study that deals with vast volumes of data using modern tools and techniques to find unseen patterns, derive meaningful information, and make business decisions.


VOLUME
Volume refers to the amount of data generated through websites,

VARIETY
Variety in Big Data refers to all the structured and unstructured data that has the possibility of getting generated either by humans or by machines. The most commonly added data are structured -texts, tweets, pictures & videos.

VELOCITY
In Big Data velocity data flows in from sources like machines, networks, social media, mobile phones etc.With Velocity we refer to the speed with which data are being generated. Staying with our social media example, every day 900 million photos are uploaded on Facebook, 500 million tweets are posted on Twitter, 0.4 million hours of video are uploaded on Youtube and 3.5 billion searches are performed in Google. 




WHY IS DATA SCIENCE IMPORTANT?----> Data science is important because it combines tools, methods, and technology to generate meaning from data.The principal purpose of Data Science is to find patterns within data. It uses various statistical techniques to analyze and draw insights from the data.Data Science is widely used in various industry domains, including marketing, healthcare, finance, banking, policy work, and more. That explains why Data Science is important.

Future of data science
Artificial intelligence and machine learning innovations have made data processing faster and more efficient.


--Data Science means analyzing the data by using scientific methods
    Outcomes:--->
        #Additional Insights Of Data
        #Identfying Patterns
        #Datect Anamoly
        #Extract Info
        #Do Predictions (By Using ML/DL)



--Types Of Data:--->
    #Tabular Data -- Numeric/Textual/Hybrid
    #Text Data
    #Images
    #Videos
    #Audio /Speech Data